README.md, before:

# **Streamlined DAM Analysis**

### **DAM**: **D**rosophila **A**ctivity **M**onitor

---

Refer to the Read_me.md and Instructions.md in each pacakge for more information.

## Packages

- Blips: *Process blips generated by DAM monitors and fix the blips pre-ShinyR DAM*
- Streamline: *Process post-ShinyR DAM output data for streamline analysis*
- Longitudinal: *Process post-ShinyR DAM output data for longitudinal analysis*

## Steps

1. Download the repository to your working directory on Secretariat

   - Option A: Download _with_ git: `git clone git@github.com:ypan23-1876660/DAM.git`

   - Option B: Download _without_ git: `svn checkout https://github.com/ypan23-1876660/DAM`

2. Edit the variables in blips blips_shscript.sh

3. Run the blips initiator script: `sbatch blips_initiator.sh`

4. Download the results from (2) and run ShinyR DAM

5. Upload the results from (3) to Secretariat

6. (a) Edit the variables in streamline [streamline_shscript.sh]
  
   (b) Edit the variables in longitudinal [longitudinal_shscript.sh]

7. (a) Run the streamline initiator script: `sbatch streamline_initiator.sh`
  
   (b) Run the longitudinal_initiator script: `sbatch longitudinal_initiator.sh`

8. Download the results for futher analysis (e.g. SAS)

Commit message:

Remove longitudinal info; Restructure content

README.md, after:

# Streamlined DAM Analysis

**DAM**: **D**rosophila **A**ctivity **M**onitor

---

Refer to the *Read_me.md* and *Instructions.md* documents in the blips and streamline2.0 directories for more information.

## Packages

- Blips: Process blips generated by DAM monitors and fix the blips pre-ShinyR DAM
- Streamline: Process post-ShinyR DAM output data for streamline analysis

## Steps

1. Download a zip file of the repository to your working directory on Secretariat

        cd <project_directory>
        wget 'https://github.com/ypan23-1876660/DAM/archive/refs/heads/main.zip'
        unzip main.zip && rm main.zip

2. Edit the variables in *blips_shscript.sh* in blips/scripts

3. Run the blips initiator script: 

        cd <project_directory>/blips/scripts
        sbatch blips_initiator.sh

4. Download the results from (2) and run ShinyR DAM

5. Upload the results from (3) to Secretariat

6. Edit the variables in streamline script: *streamline_shscript2.0.sh*

7. Run the streamline initiator script: 

        cd <project_directory>/streamline2.0/scripts
        sbatch streamline_initiator2.0.sh

8. Download the results for further analysis (e.g. SAS)
